there's something cursed about this land
our family
moved west on a promise
a promise that now looked rotten
there's no room for boys in his family
anymore
and no one warned my brother about what
can happen when you dream about destiny
that's how alison wells
entered this story
[Music]
the thief and murderer allison wells
sent five human souls to heaven if you
see this woman
do not confront her
you okay
somebody's gonna pay me 20 000 to get
them to mexico can you even imagine that
much money
we got to get all the farmers and we got
to search
i need to get out of here you're hunting
me
you found her ain't ya a wolf lady
it's complicated you know
the worst part of dying is kid
is being forgotten
[Music]
it's not safe me being here
or for any of us for that matter
[Music]
i won't be another victim of their lives
scared ass yeah me too
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
hey